Add a curl check for reporting.hashicorp.services (#1894)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v1.21.x/content/docs/license/utilization/auto-reporting.mdx

- 23.95.85.111
- 44.215.244.1

You can verify that access to this has been set up correctly with a curl request:

```shell-session
$ curl 'https://reporting.hashicorp.services/v2/' -d '{}'
```

Expect a response like the following:

```json
{"message": "invalid bundle"}
```

> The invalid bundle response indicates that the server has received and parsed the data you sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The server returns an invalid bundle response because it received the request successfully, but could not parse the empty dataset provided.
```
Style correction: write in active voice
